CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

## Contributing to FEAScript

Thank you for your interest in contributing! FEAScript is in early development, with continuous additions of new features and improvements. To ensure a smooth and collaborative development process, please review and follow the guidelines below.

## Contribution Guidelines

1. **Respect the existing coding style:** Observe the code near your intended changes and aim to preserve that style in your modifications.

2. **Recommended tools:**  
   We recommend using [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) with the [Prettier plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode) for automatic code formatting. Additionally, use a **110-character line width** to maintain consistent formatting.

3. **Naming conventions:**  
   Use [camelCase](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Camel_case) formatting for variable names throughout the code.

4. **Testing changes locally:**  
   Before submitting a pull request, test your modifications by running the FEAScript library from a local directory. For example, you can load the library in your HTML file as follows:

   ```javascript
   import { FEAScriptModel, plotSolution, printVersion } from "[USER_DIRECTORY]/FEAScript-core/src/index.js";
   ```

   FEAScript can be run on a local server. To start a local server, you can use [Python HTTP Server](https://docs.python.org/3/library/http.server.html):

   ```bash
   python -m http.server
   ```

   where the server will be available at `http://127.0.0.1:8000/`. Static file server npm packages like [serve](https://github.com/vercel/serve#readme) and [Vite](https://vite.dev/) can also be used.

## Branching & Workflow

To contribute a new feature or fix:

- Do not commit directly to `main` or `dev`.
- Instead, start your work in a feature branch based on the `dev` branch.

**If you are not a member of the repository (e.g., an external contributor), you must first [fork the repository](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo).** Make your changes in your fork, then submit a Pull Request from your fork's feature branch into the`dev` branch.

## File Structure Guidelines

All files in the FEAScript-core codebase should follow this structure:

1. **Banner**: All files start with the FEAScript ASCII art banner
2. **Imports**:
   - External imports (from npm packages) first, alphabetically ordered
   - Internal imports next, grouped by module/folder
3. **Classes/Functions**: Implementation with proper JSDoc comments

Example:

```javascript
//   ______ ______           _____           _       _     //
//  |  ____|  ____|   /\    / ____|         (_)     | |    //
//  | |__  | |__     /  \  | (___   ___ ____ _ ____ | |_   //
//  |  __| |  __|   / /\ \  \___ \ / __|  __| |  _ \| __|  //
//  | |    | |____ / ____ \ ____) | (__| |  | | |_) | |    //
//  |_|    |______/_/    \_\_____/ \___|_|  |_|  __/| |    //
//                                            | |   | |    //
//                                            |_|   | |_   //
//       Website: https://feascript.com/             \__|  //

// External imports
import { mathLibrary } from "math-package";

// Internal imports
import { relatedFunction } from "../utilities/helperScript.js";

/**
 * Class to handle specific functionality
 */
export class MyClass {
  /**
   * Constructor to initialize the class
   * @param {object} options - Configuration options
   */
  constructor(options) {
    // Implementation
  }

  /**
   * Function to perform a specific action
   * @param {number} input - Input value
   * @returns {number} Processed result
   */
  doSomething(input) {
    // Implementation
    return input * DEFAULT_VALUE;
  }
}
```

Commit message:

Feature/frontal solver (#33)
* Refactor solver imports

* chore: bump version to 0.1.3 and update description in package.json

- Updated version from 0.1.2 to 0.1.3
- Modified description for clarity
- Added contributor Felipe Ferrari to package.json
- Changed homepage URL to https://feascript.com/
- Updated version constant in src/index.js to 0.1.3

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

## Contributing to FEAScript

Thank you for your interest in contributing! FEAScript is in early development, with continuous additions of new features and improvements. To ensure a smooth and collaborative development process, please review and follow the guidelines below.

## Contribution Guidelines

1. **Respect the existing coding style:** Observe the code near your intended changes and aim to preserve that style in your modifications.

2. **Recommended tools:**  
   We recommend using [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) with the [Prettier plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode) for automatic code formatting. Additionally, use a **110-character line width** to maintain consistent formatting.

3. **Naming conventions:**  
   Use [camelCase](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Camel_case) formatting for variable names throughout the code.

4. **Testing changes locally:**  
   Before submitting a pull request, test your modifications by running the FEAScript library from a local directory. For example, you can load the library in your HTML file as follows:

   ```javascript
   import { FEAScriptModel, plotSolution, printVersion } from "[USER_DIRECTORY]/FEAScript-core/src/index.js";
   ```

   FEAScript can be run on a local server. To start a local server, you can use [Python HTTP Server](https://docs.python.org/3/library/http.server.html):

   ```bash
   python -m http.server
   ```

   where the server will be available at `http://127.0.0.1:8000/`. Static file server npm packages like [serve](https://github.com/vercel/serve#readme) and [Vite](https://vite.dev/) can also be used.

## Branching & Workflow

To contribute a new feature or fix:

- Do not commit directly to `main` or `dev`.
- Instead, start your work in a feature branch based on the `dev` branch.

**If you are not a member of the repository (e.g., an external contributor), you must first [fork the repository](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo).** Make your changes in your fork, then submit a Pull Request from your fork's feature branch into the`dev` branch.

## File Structure Guidelines

All files in the FEAScript-core codebase should follow this structure:

1. **Banner**: All files start with the FEAScript ASCII art banner.
2. **Imports**:
   - External imports (from npm packages) first, alphabetically ordered.
   - Internal imports next, grouped by module/folder.
3. **Classes/Functions**: Implementation with proper JSDoc comments.

Example:

```javascript
//   ______ ______           _____           _       _     //
//  |  ____|  ____|   /\    / ____|         (_)     | |    //
//  | |__  | |__     /  \  | (___   ___ ____ _ ____ | |_   //
//  |  __| |  __|   / /\ \  \___ \ / __|  __| |  _ \| __|  //
//  | |    | |____ / ____ \ ____) | (__| |  | | |_) | |    //
//  |_|    |______/_/    \_\_____/ \___|_|  |_|  __/| |    //
//                                            | |   | |    //
//                                            |_|   | |_   //
//       Website: https://feascript.com/             \__|  //

// External imports
import { mathLibrary } from "math-package";

// Internal imports
import { relatedFunction } from "../utilities/helperScript.js";

/**
 * Class to handle specific functionality
 */
export class MyClass {
  /**
   * Constructor to initialize the class
   * @param {object} options - Configuration options
   */
  constructor(options) {
    // Implementation
  }

  /**
   * Function to perform a specific action
   * @param {number} input - Input value
   * @returns {number} Processed result
   */
  doSomething(input) {
    // Implementation
    return input * DEFAULT_VALUE;
  }
}
```

## File Naming Convention

All JavaScript source files in FEAScript end with the suffix `Script` before the `.js` extension (e.g., `loggingScript.js`, `meshGenerationScript.js`, `newtonRaphsonScript.js`). This is an explicit, project‑level stylistic choice to:

- Visually distinguish internal FEAScript modules from third‑party or external library files.
- Keep historical and stylistic consistency across the codebase.

Exceptions:
- Public entry file: `index.js` (standard entry point convention).
- Core model file: `FEAScript.js` (matches the library name; appending "Script" would be redundant).
