examples/solidHeatTransferScript/HeatConduction1DWall/README.md, before:

<img src="https://feascript.github.io/FEAScript-website/assets/FEAScriptHeatTransfer.png" width="80" alt="FEAScript Logo">

## Heat Conduction Through a Wall

This example demonstrates solving a steady-state heat transfer problem in a 1D domain using the FEAScript library. The problem represents heat flow through a building wall, where heat conduction is modeled to determine temperature profiles under specific boundary conditions.

All examples are intentionally kept simple and modular to facilitate easy integration with web applications. The clean, minimal structure makes it straightforward to incorporate these simulations into existing websites or web-based tools.

### Available Versions

1. **Standard Version** (`HeatConduction1DWall.html`)

### Instructions

The mesh configuration and boundary conditions are defined directly in the JavaScript section of the HTML file. For a step-by-step guide and additional details, refer to the corresponding [tutorial](https://feascript.com/tutorials/HeatConduction1DWall.html).

Commit message:

Refactor Heat Conduction example: add JavaScript implementation, update README instructions, and enhance .gitignore

examples/solidHeatTransferScript/HeatConduction1DWall/README.md, after:

<img src="https://feascript.github.io/FEAScript-website/assets/FEAScriptHeatTransfer.png" width="80" alt="FEAScript Logo">

## Heat Conduction Through a Wall

This example demonstrates solving a steady-state heat transfer problem in a 1D domain using the FEAScript library. The problem represents heat flow through a building wall, where heat conduction is modeled to determine temperature profiles under specific boundary conditions.

### Instructions

The example requires the `feascript` npm package and its peer dependencies (`mathjs`). It imports FEAScript directly from the npm package and runs the simulation in a Node.js environment, making it suitable for server-side applications or local development without a browser. To run the example you should follow these instructions:

1. **Create package.json with ES module support:**

   ```bash
   echo '{"type":"module"}' > package.json
   ```

2. **Install FEAScript and dependencies:**

   ```bash
   npm install feascript mathjs
   ```

3. **Run the example:**
   ```bash
   node HeatConduction1DWall.js
   ```

**Note:** For an HTML version of this example, and additional details, refer to the corresponding [tutorial](https://feascript.com/tutorials/HeatConduction1DWall.html).
