examples/solidHeatTransferScript/HeatConduction2DFin/README.md, before:

<img src="https://feascript.github.io/FEAScript-website/assets/FEAScriptHeatTransfer.png" width="80" alt="FEAScript Logo">

## Heat Conduction in a Two-Dimensional Fin

This example demonstrates solving a steady-state heat transfer problem in a 2D rectangular domain using the FEAScript library. The problem represents a typical cooling fin scenario, where the objective is to model heat conduction and understand temperature distribution under specific boundary conditions.

### Available Versions

This example is available in three implementations:

1. **Standard Version** (`HeatConduction2DFin.html`) - Basic implementation using the FEAScriptModel class
2. **Web Worker Version** (`HeatConduction2DFinWorker.html`) - Implementation using Web Workers for better performance with larger models
3. **GMSH Version** (`HeatConduction2DFinGmsh.html`) - Experimental version supporting GMSH mesh file import

### Instructions

The mesh configuration and boundary conditions are defined directly in the JavaScript section of the HTML files. For a step-by-step guide and additional details, refer to the corresponding [tutorial](https://feascript.com/tutorials/HeatConduction2DFin.html) or the [Web Worker tutorial](https://feascript.com/tutorials/HeatConduction2DFinWorker.html).

Commit message:

Remove unused loading spinner styles from HeatConduction2DFinWorker.html; update README.md regarding example integration

examples/solidHeatTransferScript/HeatConduction2DFin/README.md, after:

<img src="https://feascript.github.io/FEAScript-website/assets/FEAScriptHeatTransfer.png" width="80" alt="FEAScript Logo">

## Heat Conduction in a Two-Dimensional Fin

This example demonstrates solving a steady-state heat transfer problem in a 2D rectangular domain using the FEAScript library. The problem represents a typical cooling fin scenario, where the objective is to model heat conduction and understand temperature distribution under specific boundary conditions.

All examples are intentionally kept simple and modular to facilitate easy integration with web applications. The clean, minimal structure makes it straightforward to incorporate these simulations into existing websites or web-based tools.

### Available Versions

This example is available in three implementations:

1. **Standard Version** (`HeatConduction2DFin.html`) - Basic implementation using the FEAScriptModel class
2. **Web Worker Version** (`HeatConduction2DFinWorker.html`) - Implementation using Web Workers for better performance with larger models
3. **GMSH Version** (`HeatConduction2DFinGmsh.html`) - Experimental version supporting GMSH mesh file import

### Instructions

The mesh configuration and boundary conditions are defined directly in the JavaScript section of the HTML files. For a step-by-step guide and additional details, refer to the corresponding [tutorial](https://feascript.com/tutorials/HeatConduction2DFin.html) or the [Web Worker tutorial](https://feascript.com/tutorials/HeatConduction2DFinWorker.html).
