examples/heatConductionScript/README.md, before:

<img src="https://feascript.github.io/FEAScript-website/assets/feascript-logo.png" width="80" alt="FEAScript Logo">

# Heat Conduction Examples

This directory contains Node.js examples demonstrating how to use the FEAScript library to solve steady-state heat conduction problems.

## Examples

#### 1. Heat Conduction Through a Wall (heatConduction1DWall)

This example demonstrates a heat flow case through a building wall. For detailed information on the model setup refer to the corresponding [tutorial](https://feascript.com/tutorials/heat-conduction-1d-wall.html) in the FEAScript website.

#### 2. Heat Conduction in a 2D Fin (heatConduction2DFin)

This example demonstrates a typical cooling fin scenario. For detailed information on the model setup refer to the corresponding [tutorial](https://feascript.com/tutorials/heat-conduction-2d-fin.html) in the FEAScript website. There are two Node.js implementations:

#### i. Standard Version (`heatConduction2DFin.js`)

Basic implementation using the FEAScriptModel class

#### ii. Gmsh Version (`heatConduction2DFinGmsh.js`)

Implementation using an unstructured mesh generated by [Gmsh](https://gmsh.info/) (the mesh file, `rect_quad.msh`, is also located in the current directory).

## Running the Examples

#### 1. Create package.json with ES module support:

```bash
echo '{"type":"module"}' > package.json
```

#### 2. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install feascript mathjs
```

#### 3. Run the example:

```bash
node HeatConduction1DWall.js
```

(for the "Heat Conduction Through a Wall" example)

Commit message:

Update examples for FEAScript: Add new example for Heat Conduction in a 2D Rhomboid Fin using Gmsh mesh and remove redundant README.md files from example directories. Update copyright year to 2026 in all files.

examples/heatConductionScript/README.md, after:

<img src="https://feascript.github.io/FEAScript-website/assets/feascript-logo.png" width="80" alt="FEAScript Logo">

# Heat Conduction Examples

This directory contains Node.js examples demonstrating how to use the FEAScript library to solve steady-state heat conduction problems.

## Examples

#### 1. Heat Conduction in a 1D Wall (`heatConduction1DWall.js`)

This example demonstrates a heat flow case through a building wall.

For detailed information on the model setup, refer to the corresponding [tutorial](https://feascript.com/tutorials/heat-conduction-1d-wall.html) in the FEAScript website.

#### 2. Heat Conduction in a 2D Fin (Standard Mesh) (`heatConduction2DFin.js`)

Basic implementation using an internally generated structured mesh.

#### 3. Heat Conduction in a 2D Fin (Gmsh Mesh) (`heatConduction2DFinGmsh.js`)

Implementation using an unstructured mesh generated by [Gmsh](https://gmsh.info/) (the mesh file, `rect_quad_unstruct.msh`, is also located in the current directory).

For detailed information on the model setup, refer to the corresponding [tutorial](https://feascript.com/tutorials/heat-conduction-2d-fin.html) in the FEAScript website.

#### 4. Heat Conduction in a 2D Rhomboid Fin (Gmsh Mesh) (`heatConduction2DRhomFinGmsh.js`)

Implementation using a Gmsh-generated mesh for a rhomboid domain (the mesh file, `rhom_quad.msh`, is also located in the current directory).

For detailed information on the model setup, refer to the corresponding [tutorial](https://feascript.com/tutorials/heat-conduction-2d-rhom-fin-gmsh.html) in the FEAScript website.

## Running the Examples

#### 1. Create package.json with ES module support:

```bash
echo '{"type":"module"}' > package.json
```

#### 2. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install feascript mathjs
```

#### 3. Run an example:

```bash
node heatConduction2DFin.js
```

(or `node heatConduction2DFinGmsh.js` / `node heatConduction2DRhomFinGmsh.js`)
